notes on Bug fixing (#2053)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

A lot of good work has already been done in project mechanics (requirements.txt, setup.py, pep8, badges, ci, etc...) so we're in a good state there thanks to all the early contributors (even pre-beta release)!

### Bug Fixes:
1. Submit a github issue - try to describe what happened so others can reproduce it too (config, code samples, expected vs. actual behaviour). 
 Note, that the sample code shall be minimal and if needed with publicly available data.
2. Try to fix it or recommend a solution...
 We highly recommend to use test driven approach
   * convert your minimal code example to a unit/integration test with assert on expected results

>    * start with debugging the issue... you can run just this particular test in your IDE and draft a fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * start with debugging the issue... you can run just this particular test in your IDE and draft a fix
   * verify that your test case fails on the master branch and only passes with the fix applied
```
@Borda do you think this is a good comment to add?

3. Submit a PR!

> _**None**, even you do not find the solution sending a PR with test covering the issue is avalaible contribution and we can help you or finish it with you :]_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_**Note**, even if you do not find the solution, sending a PR with a test covering the issue is a valid contribution and we can help you or finish it with you :]_
```
